-- arch/powerpc/patches

Xenomai needs special kernel support to deliver fast and deterministic
response time to external interrupts, and also to provide real-time
services highly integrated with the standard Linux kernel.

This support is provided by the Adeos real-time enabler [1], in the
form of a kernel patch you have to apply against a vanilla kernel
tree, before you attempt to compile the Xenomai codebase against the
latter kernel.

On the PowerPC 32bit architecture, Xenomai is supported on both the
v2.4 and v2.6 Linux kernel series, for which the appropriate Adeos
patches exist. The v2.4 kernel tree of reference for Xenomai/PowerPC
is available from Denx's public CVS tree as the "linuxppc_2_4_devel"
branch [2]. For the v2.6 series, Adeos patches are currently based on
releases from Denx's public GIT tree.

As of 2.6.20, newest Adeos patches are based on the powerpc/ tree,
instead of the deprecated ppc/ tree. However, a backport of
2.6.23-2.0-03/powerpc has been made to 2.6.23-1.6-xx/ppc, in order to
support a number of EVBs (32bit, uniprocessor only) which have not
been moved to the powerpc/ tree yet.

Patches up to kernel 2.6.21 apply against vanilla releases from
kernel.org. Patches from kernel 2.6.22 and on apply against milestones
or snapshots from Denx's public GIT tree [3].

Just apply one of those patches against the corresponding kernel
release. You may want to have a look at the README.*INSTALL guides at
the top of the Xenomai tree for more information.

Patch			          Based on commit (from Denx's tree [3])
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.6.23-DENX-1.6-00/ppc		208aa3df8645608ff3febb65f83219173dfe4979
2.6.23-DENX-2.0-03/powerpc	3e44e7de644b521c5301c806d90da6feb99158d5

[1] http://www.gna.org/projects/adeos/
[2] http://www.denx.de/en/Software/CVS/
[3] git://www.denx.de/git/linux-2.6-denx.git
